Document new filter by backend roles strategy settings for notifications and alerting plugins (#12794)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _observing-your-data/alerting/security.md

If `jdoe` creates a monitor, `jroe` can see and modify it, but `psantos` can't. If that monitor generates an alert, the situation is the same: `jroe` can see and acknowledge it, but `psantos` can't. If `psantos` creates a destination, `jdoe` and `jroe` can't see or modify it.

> ### Specify how access is filtered by backend role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuring backend role access
```

> The `plugins.alerting.filter_by_backend_roles_access_strategy` setting controls how a user's backend roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `plugins.alerting.filter_by_backend_roles_access_strategy` setting controls how a user's backend roles are compared with the backend roles associated with a monitor to determine whether the user can access the monitor.
```

> are compared to the backend roles on the monitor to determine access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The possible values for this setting are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting supports the following values:
```

> - `exact` - Users have access to alerting objects if they have exactly the same (with no additional) backend roles as the user who created the object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `intersect` (Default) -- Users have access to notifications objects if they share at least one backend role with the user who created the object.
```

> - `intersect`, **default** - Users have access to alerting objects if they share at least one backend role with the user who created the object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `exact` -- Users have access to notifications objects if they have exactly the same (with no additional) backend roles as the user who created the object.
```

> - `all` - Users have access to alerting objects if their backend roles contain all of the backend roles of the user who created the object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `all` -- Users have access to notifications objects if their backend roles contain all of the backend roles of the user who created the object.
```

> For example, given this scenario:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses a monitor associated with the `analyst` and `human-resources` backend roles and four users with different backend roles:
```

> - A monitor was created by a user with backend roles `analyst` and `human-resources`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - User `jdoe` has the backend role `analyst`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User `jdoe` has the backend role `analyst`.
```

> - User `jroe` has the backend roles `analyst` and `supervisor`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User `jroe` has the backend roles `analyst` and `supervisor`.
```

> - User `psantos` has the backend roles `analyst` and `human-resources`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User `psantos` has the backend roles `analyst` and `human-resources`.
```

> - User `bwayne` has the backend roles `analyst`, `human-resources`, and `batman`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User `bwayne` has the backend roles `analyst`, `human-resources`, and `batman`.
```

> Then user access to the monitor would be as follows for each of the possible setting values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows whether each user can access the monitor for each setting value.
```

> |  | `intersect` | `exact` | `all`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| User | `intersect` | `exact` | `all`
```
